Adding support for Read replica clusters (#17)
yugabyte/pgx: README.md

In the cluster-aware connection load balancing, connections are distributed across all the tservers in the cluster, irrespective of their placements.

> To enable the cluster-aware connection load balancing, provide the parameter `load_balance` set to true or any as `load_balance=any` in the connection url or the connection string (DSN style).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the cluster-aware connection load balancing, provide the parameter `load_balance` with value as either `true` or `any` in the connection url or the connection string (DSN style). [This section](url-todo) explains the different values for `load_balance` parameter.
```

To enable the cluster-aware connection load balancing, provide the parameter `load_balance` set to true or any as `load_balance=any` in the connection url or the connection string (DSN style).

```

> "postgres://username:password@localhost:5433/database_name?load_balance=true"

Reviewer: We should keep value `true` in some examples to let users know even that is supported. even if it is mentioned explicitly.

```
"postgres://username:password@localhost:5433/database_name?yb_servers_refresh_interval=X&load_balance=any&topology_keys=cloud1.region1.*:1,cloud1.region2.*:2";
```

Same parameters can be specified in the connection url while using the `pgxpool.Connect()` API.

## Other Connection Parameters:

### fallback_to_topology_keys_only
Applicable only for TopologyAware Load Balancing. When set to true, the smart driver does not attempt to connect to servers outside of primary and fallback placements specified via property. The default behaviour is to fallback to any available server in the entire cluster.(default value: false)

### failed_host_reconnect_delay_secs
The driver marks a server as failed with a timestamp, when it cannot connect to it. Later, whenever it refreshes the server list via yb_servers(), if it sees the failed server in the response, it marks the server as UP only if failed-host-reconnect-delay-secs time has elapsed. (The yb_servers() function does not remove a failed server immediately from its result and retains it for a while.)(default value: 5 seconds)

## Read Replica Cluster

> PGX smart driver also supports Primary clusters which have associated Read Replica cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PGX smart driver also enables load balancing across nodes in primary clusters which have associated Read Replica cluster.
```
